This is the body of athank you Region LOTOMO
The North Sea flows up the river
It ewes on their way
The wind blows in the flower
If you can't keep your heart
You can go to the inn
Here is the earth, the earth is the natural place
The wind blows in the flower
If you can't keep your heart
You can go to the inn
The wind blows in the flower
If you can't keep your heart
You can go to the inn
I heard that there was a man in the village
His mother was born
He was raised by his mother
At last he was born
He was the leader of the village
He went up the mountain
His mother was a child
He was a child
The wind blows in the flower
If you can't keep your heart
You can go to the inn
Thank you for watching